Filter overrepresented barcodes (#55)
frisen-lab/TREX: README.md

1	CACTCGTGGTACCACAAGCA
```

> ## Filter cloneID

Reviewer: My comment about "filtering" (with "ing") referred to the title of this section.

```suggestion
## Filtering cloneIDs
```

> Text file of one cloneIDs per line to ignore during the TREX run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text file with cloneIDs to ignore. The format is one cloneID per line.
```

Adding this file via the `--filter-cloneids` option allows to ignore cloneIDs that have been identified as overrepresented or artefactual during library characterization.

> Example file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example file:
```
